docs: Add a deprecated notice in the TOC (#301)
cozy/cozy-client-js: docs/deprecated.md

> ⚠️ cozy-client-js is a depreacted librairy. We recommend you to use our new client : [Cozy Client](https://docs.cozy.io/en/cozy-client/getting-started/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ cozy-client-js is a deprecated library. We recommend to use our new client : [Cozy Client](https://docs.cozy.io/en/cozy-client/getting-started/)
```

Reviewer 2: [Nitpick] No space before `:` in english

> If you really need to see the documention of cozy-client-js, see it on [github](https://github.com/cozy/cozy-client-js/blob/master/docs/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you really need to see the documentation of cozy-client-js, see it on [github](https://github.com/cozy/cozy-client-js/blob/master/docs/README.md)
```

> If you really need to see the documention of cozy-client-js, see it on [github](https://github.com/cozy/cozy-client-js/blob/master/docs/README.md)

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can set up again github pages for cozy-client-js

Reviewer: IMHO, we should not spend more time on cozy-client-js and the github documentation is sufficient. Do you see any advantage of github pages over normal github for documentation (apart from being nicer looking) ?

Reviewer 2: It looks nicer, and it is just two clicks to setup.
